Add documentation for Onfido Connector (#11)
wso2-extensions/identity-verification-onfido: docs/config.md

4. Paste the `.jar` file into the dropins directory.
5. Alternatively, you can drag and drop the `.jar` file into the dropins directory.
6. Next, navigate to `identity-verification-onfido/ui-metadata` and copy the `onfido` directory.
7. Paste it into `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/identity/extensions/identity-verification-providers` directory.

### Step 3: Deploying the Onfido Webhook REST API

1. Navigate to `identity-verification-onfido/components → org.wso2.carbon.identity.verification.onfido.api → org.wso2.carbon.identity.verification.onfido.api.dispatcher → target`.
2. Copy the `idv#onfido.war` file.
3. Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps`.
4. Paste the `.war` file into the webapps directory.
5. Next, navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf`.
6. Open the `deployment.toml` file.
7. Add the following lines of code:

    ```toml
    [[resource.access_control]]
    context = "(.*)/idv/onfido/v1/(.*)/verify"
    secure = "false"
    http_method = "POST"

    [tenant_context]
    enable_tenant_qualified_urls = "true"
    enable_tenanted_sessions = "true"
    rewrite.custom_webapps = ["/idv/onfido/"]
    ```

> ## Configuring Onfido Identity Verification Provider in WSO2 Identity Server Console

Author: The contents related to configuring onfido in the console needs to be changed according to the updated UI.

Author: Resolved via https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-verification-onfido/pull/11/commits/e366865a038d05794bd3ffdaf1dbdce621a239c0

### Step 3: Deploying the Onfido Webhook REST API

1. Navigate to `identity-verification-onfido/components → org.wso2.carbon.identity.verification.onfido.api → org.wso2.carbon.identity.verification.onfido.api.dispatcher → target`.
2. Copy the `idv#onfido.war` file.
3. Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps`.
4. Paste the `.war` file into the webapps directory.
5. Next, navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf`.
6. Open the `deployment.toml` file.
7. Add the following lines of code:

    ```toml
    [[resource.access_control]]
    context = "(.*)/idv/onfido/v1/(.*)/verify"
    secure = "false"
    http_method = "POST"

    [tenant_context]
    enable_tenant_qualified_urls = "true"
    enable_tenanted_sessions = "true"
    rewrite.custom_webapps = ["/idv/onfido/"]
    ```

## Configuring Onfido Identity Verification Provider in WSO2 Identity Server Console

1. Log in to the WSO2 Identity Server console using your admin credentials.
2. In the WSO2 Identity Server Console, navigate to **Identity Verification Providers**.
3. Click **+ New Identity Verification Provider** to create a new Identity Verification Provider (IDVP).

> 4. You will be redirected to a page displaying a set of available IDVPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You will be redirected to a page displaying a set of available IDVP templates.
```

Author: Resolved via https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-verification-onfido/pull/11/commits/b4b34b108a78335be5a1a5cd4675cbeb6863e1cd
